bpo-17422:language reference should specify restrictions on class namespace (#18559)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Documentation/2020-02-19-11-13-47.bpo-17422.g7_9zz.rst

> Language reference should specify restrictions on class namespace.

Reviewer: Please attribute the patch to its author here.

> Language reference should specify restrictions on class namespace.

Reviewer 2: Let's make it clear that this was fixed:

```suggestion
The language reference now specifies restrictions on class namespaces.
```

> The language reference now specifies restrictions on class namespaces.

Reviewer 2: Since this isn't entirely your work @ananthan-123, let's credit Ethan here:

```suggestion
The language reference now specifies restrictions on class namespaces.  Adapted from a patch by Ethan Furman.
```
